Where do random thoughts come from?
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Christmas is coming.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Wow, does that work?
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
This is a Japanese doll.
Please wait outside of the house.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Mary plays the piano.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
She did her best to help him.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Is it free?
The old apple revels in its authority.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Let me help you with your baggage.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Two seats were vacant.
How was the math test?
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I want more detailed information.
The lake is a long way from here.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
We need to rent a room for our party.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She advised him to come back at once.
Hurry!
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The river stole the gods.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Don't step on the broken glass.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The book is in front of the table.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.